= Metafeta
This library allows you to add metadata to the attributes of a class by tagging them.
The fields can then be retreived by tag or inspected to see what groups they belong to. 
The idea is that with fields grouped in this way you are able to metaprogram more dynamically.

= Whats with the obscure names?
Simple really, 'metadata' and 'tag' are likely to be method names that people want to use :)

= Why?
We run some applications that are data field intensive. This posed 2 problems:
* Forms were large and onerous to update
* Calculations that aggregated groups of data were brittle & lengthy
By adding metadata to the fields on a model we are able to write some simple metaprogramming that
will have views and calculations adapt as our models change.

= Examples
You start by declaring your metadata. We do this in `app/metadata` (seperate from our model classes):

  Demographics.add_metafeta do
    tag_attribute :number_of_male_black_senior_managers,
                  :number_of_female_black_senior_managers,
                  :number_of_male_white_senior_managers,
                  :number_of_female_white_senior_managers,
                  :as => :senior_managers, :aggregatable

    tag_attribute :number_of_male_black_junior_managers,
                  :number_of_female_black_junior_managers,
                  :number_of_male_white_junior_managers,
                  :number_of_female_white_junior_managers,
                  :as => :junior_managers, :aggregatable
  end

Now that the fields are marked up we can access the metadata as follows:

  @demographic.attributes_for_tag(:senior_managers)
  => [:number_of_male_black_senior_managers, :number_of_female_black_senior_managers, :number_of_male_white_senior_managers, :number_of_female_white_senior_managers]

You can also check whether an attribute has a tag:

  @demographic.attributes_tagged_with?(:number_of_male_black_senior_managers, :senior_managers)
  => true

= To come
Perhaps some syntactic sugar like:

  @demographic.attribute(:number_of_male_black_senior_managers).tagged_as?(:aggregatable)
  => true

  @demographic.senior_manager_fields
  => [:number_of_male_black_senior_managers, :number_of_female_black_senior_managers, :number_of_male_white_senior_managers, :number_of_female_white_senior_managers]

  
